Update README.md (#363)
Azure/login: README.md

# GitHub Actions for deploying to Azure

> [GitHub Actions](https://help.github.com/articles/about-github-actions) gives you the flexibility to build an automated software development lifecycle workflow.

Reviewer: This doc should focus on the login action. Background information and other actions are less important.

Author: Updated. Update the title and move GitHub Action and other actions' description to the reference section.

It's used in login with OpenID Connect (OIDC) and managed identity.

It's better to create a GitHub Action secret for this parameter when using it. Refer to [Using secrets in GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions).

Refer to [Login With OpenID Connect (OIDC)](#login-with-openid-connect-oidc) for its usage.

### `tenant-id`

The input parameter `tenant-id` specifies the login tenant id.

It's used in login with OpenID Connect (OIDC) and managed identity.

It's better to create a GitHub Action secret for this parameter when using it. Refer to [Using secrets in GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions).

Refer to [Login With OpenID Connect (OIDC)](#login-with-openid-connect-oidc) for its usage.

### `creds`

> [!NOTE]
>
> If one of `client-id` and `subscription-id` and `tenant-id` is set, `creds` will be ignored.

The value of input parameter `creds` is a string in json format, including the following values:

```json
{
    "clientSecret":  "******",
    "subscriptionId":  "******",
    "tenantId":  "******",
    "clientId":  "******"
}
```

> It's used in login with a Azure service principal secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's used in login with an Azure service principal.
```

    - [`environment`](#environment)
    - [`allow-no-subscriptions`](#allow-no-subscriptions)
    - [`audience`](#audience)
    - [`auth-type`](#auth-type)
  - [Workflow Examples](#workflow-examples)
    - [Login With OpenID Connect (OIDC) \[Recommended\]](#login-with-openid-connect-oidc-recommended)
    - [Login With a Service Principal Secret](#login-with-a-service-principal-secret)
    - [Login With System-assigned Managed Identity](#login-with-system-assigned-managed-identity)
    - [Login With User-assigned Managed Identity](#login-with-user-assigned-managed-identity)
    - [Login to Azure US Government cloud](#login-to-azure-us-government-cloud)
    - [Login to Azure Stack Hub](#login-to-azure-stack-hub)
    - [Login without subscription](#login-without-subscription)
  - [Az logout and security hardening](#az-logout-and-security-hardening)
  - [Azure CLI dependency](#azure-cli-dependency)
  - [Reference](#reference)
    - [GitHub Action](#github-action)
    - [GitHub Actions for deploying to Azure](#github-actions-for-deploying-to-azure)
    - [Azure CLI Action](#azure-cli-action)
    - [Azure PowerShell Action](#azure-powershell-action)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)

> With the [Azure Login Action](https://github.com/Azure/login), you can login to Azure and run Azure CLI and Azure PowerShell scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the [Azure Login Action](https://github.com/Azure/login), you can login to Azure and run [Azure CLI](link to cli action) and [Azure PowerShell](link to ps action) scripts.
```

Author: Updated.

        enable-AzPSSession: true
    
    - name: Azure CLI script
      uses: azure/CLI@v1
      env:
        AZURE_CORE_OUTPUT: none
      with:
        azcliversion: latest
        inlineScript: |
          az account show

    - name: Azure PowerShell script
      uses: azure/powershell@v1.2.0
      with:
        azPSVersion: "latest"
        inlineScript: |
          Get-AzWebApp
```

If you want to pass subscription ID, tenant ID, client ID, and client secret as individual parameters instead of bundling them in a single JSON object to address the [security concerns](https://docs.github.com/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets), below snippet can help with the same.

```yaml
  - uses: Azure/login@v1
    with:
      creds: '{"clientId":"${{ secrets.AZURE_CLIENT_ID }}","clientSecret":"${{ secrets.AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET }}","subscriptionId":"${{ secrets.AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID }}","tenantId":"${{ secrets.AZURE_TENANT_ID }}"}'
```

### Login With System-assigned Managed Identity

> [!NOTE]
>
> "Login With System-assigned Managed Identity" is only supported on GitHub self-hosted runners and the self-hosted runners need to be hosted by Azure virtual machines.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> Avoid using managed identity login on self-hosted runners in public repositories. Managed identities enable secure authentication with Azure resources and obtain Azure AD tokens without the need for explicit credential management. Any user can open pull requests against your repository and access your self-hosted runners without credentials. See more details in [self-hosted runner security](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/managing-self-hosted-runners/about-self-hosted-runners#self-hosted-runner-security).
```
@jiasli, @Jacekey23, shall we add a warning message for using manage identity on self-hosted runners in public repositories?

Reviewer 2: cc @dcaro @yonzhan

Reviewer 3: We should have this message at the beginning of this article.

Author: @dcaro, @MoChilia  Is the warning message content OK now?

Reviewer 2: It's good for me. Agree to have this message at the beginning.

      az logout
      az cache purge
      az account clear

- name: Azure PowerShell script
  uses: azure/powershell@v1.2.0
  with:
    azPSVersion: "latest"
    inlineScript: |
      Clear-AzContext -Scope Process
      Clear-AzContext -Scope CurrentUser
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Azure CLI output
To suppress the output of Azure CLI commands after logging in, you can set the environment variable `AZURE_CORE_OUTPUT` to `none` at the Workflow, Job or Step level.

```yaml
- name: Azure CLI script
  uses: azure/CLI@v1
  env:
    AZURE_CORE_OUTPUT: none
  with:
    azcliversion: latest
    inlineScript: |
      az account show
      
```

@jiasli, @Jacekey23, shall we add `AZURE_CORE_OUTPUT: none` in each example or add a new section to guide users?

Reviewer 2: cc @dcaro @yonzhan
